Add preset action to LinkPlay documentation (#34619)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/linkplay.md

The LinkPlay {% term integrations %} for Home Assistant allows you to control various media players based on the LinkPlay protocol. The integration supports auto-discovery on your local network through [Zeroconf](/integrations/zeroconf).

{% include integrations/supported_brand.md %}

## Actions

The LinkPlay integration makes various custom actions available in addition to the [standard media player actions](/integrations/media_player/#actions).

### Action `linkplay.play_preset`

Play a preset on a LinkPlay media player. 

{% note %}

> Companion apps, like 4stream for example, allow to save music presets (for example Spotify playlists). This action can be used to start playing these presets. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Companion apps, such as 4stream, allow to save music presets (for example, Spotify playlists). This action can be used to start playing these presets. 
```
